"canyou process the customer reviews and provide an overall percentage for each sentiment : positive, neutral and negative from the following and i need the output in the form of {positive:"", negative:"", neutral:""}. '1 Great Work Environment. Amazing People . Leaves. Nothing to mention as such.', '2 Good Work Life Balance for all No Negatives for this company', "3 Everyone is a good listener, fast responder, responsible, calm, non-blaiming persons. seems like you are at the best company, not too much workload, full vacations, leaves, good management, transparency, direct reach to any higher person, and the best part is every process is automated you don't have to message anyone and request for their responses. Medical Policies, applies forcibly even if do not want it, a hell lot of proofs and documentation needed for taxation, amount shows are bigger, received are much lesser, you can't control you tax deductions easily.", "4 Payslip is good . No much communication on mail so you are not going to waste time on reading mails. Access to many learning sites like udemy. Process wise not good inside IBM.They hire people from outside without having project in their hand.Later they make you sit idle or send you bench .You may not get proper responses from your manager or WFM when you are on bench. Here HR department not helpful. If you got project fortunately or unfortunately then later your manager may release you after 3 months just giving any nonsense reason. And if you're a woman employee having kid ,manager thinks you don't work no matter how many change requests you complete or you attend how much hours of meetings or supported in calls. Manager behaves like a boss and make you feel like slave. They never try to understand your situation or your problems or team problem. Though IBM have good leave policy ,your manager will not approve or allow you to take leave or use your leave. And if you have kid at home and you need any kind of emergency leave for your kid your manager will say you can't take leave for this reason or that reason etc.", "5 * Good projects in the company with long term relationships * WFH's are so much flexible * No Micro management * N number of projects until your skill sets matches the requirements you will get options * Onsite opportunities should be open to Indian employees as well * Rotational onsite * Hikes may be revisited as per employees effort", '6 Very flexible working culture, can shift technloiges. HR support is good in terms of payroll queries and benefits Hikes are pathetic, Visa processing is a blunder. Not sure why they process and keep the employees at Offshore', '7 Do not see any pros. Normal service-based company with average benefits like any other usual firm. Not doing anything to stand out for its employees If you are in a Barclays account then you should forget about work-life balance. Managers from IBM do not support you instead always going to tell you to do as asked. Micromanagement at its peak. You will be asked to minimize leaves as those leaves will be used by end of the year for furlough. Managers here think they own the firm and make their own rules to run the account.', '8 Worklife balance is good If your manager is good , life can be very easy IJP opportunities towards Indian Projects Not much growth opportunity, annual increment of 5-7% only', '9 Here are some reasons to work at IBM: Innovative culture: IBM has a long history of innovation and encourages its employees to think outside the box and develop new and creative solutions to complex problems. Career development opportunities: IBM provides ample opportunities for its employees to grow and develop their careers. This includes training programs, leadership development programs, and opportunities to work on a variety of projects. Diverse and inclusive workplace: IBM is committed to diversity and inclusion and strives to create a welcoming and inclusive workplace for all employees. Limited career growth: IBM is a large organization with many layers of management, which can make it challenging to move up the career ladder quickly. Frequent reorganizations: IBM is known for frequent restructuring, which can lead to job insecurity and confusion about roles and responsibilities. Slow to adopt new technologies: Despite being a technology company, IBM can be slow to adopt new technologies or approaches, which may make it difficult to work on cutting-edge projects.', '10 Good Exposure to tools and the best place to learn. Very slow growth, Salary is very less compared to the market price.', '11 1 Remote Job 2 lots of learning 3. Good in refunding Certification Costs 4. IBM Works on Principle of Trust your employee No Cons, i worked for 5 years in IBM and IBM gave me everything I asked for', '12 Lot of projects. Onsite Opportunity. Friendly environments. No hike at all. No recognition. Client oriented. Difficult to get release from current project if you have another project offering for work having good tech stack', '13 Work life Balance Learning opportunities Flexible timings Good Projects Yearly increment is poor (except joining hike)', '14 Salary on time, hike is reasonable Night shift, India Leadership is not great', '15 IBM is a well established and respected company in the technology industry,which can provide stability and job security Ibm is a large company with complex organizational structures, which can make it difficult to navigate and communicate effectively', '16 Work life balance. Flexibility in working Not get to work different projects.', "17 Everything is good, ocean of opportunities to learn and grow, very inclusive work culture Nothing so far. It's been good place", '18 Flexibility, leaves, Learning scope, Free beverages, work life balance Slow financial growth., rest is all good.', "19 I find the work-life balance to be excellent in this company, and their dedication to continuous learning through their online portal and encouragement to pursue certifications is truly remarkable. The supportive culture of the workplace is also noteworthy, as colleagues are always willing to lend their expertise and assist without making anyone feel inferior for not knowing something The company's hike policy could benefit from some improvement, as it currently seems to be dependent on the discretion of individual people managers.", '20 Good culture in the company Pay range is not that good', '21 Good work environment More learning oppertunities Increments depends on team manager and project funding', '22 Work culture is good g No comments on cons so', '23 Good work life balance. Also has good projects. Less or meagre hikes. Salary growth is very low. Not recommended for freshers those who want good package.', '24 Opportunity to learn Work from home option Less yearly hikes Else all good', '25 Best company to work for. Nothing as of now. Best company with better projects.', '26 Lots of learning lots of training reemburnment of certifications there are fewer projects , need to search a lot fo projects', '27 Great and supportive management. Provides really good transport service. Great worklife balance Will not get to learn anything new. Problems with IBM solutions makes it difficult to manage clients. Poor Client site office.', '28 hick are midrange for 2+ rating you may get hick form 8 to 10 % only draw back is manager driven', '29 Best place to work and will engage you with lots of innovative and strategic work Almost no recognition for the work that you do', "30 1. Flexible work culture 2. Lot of learning/training on new technology 3. Certification help provided and encouraged 4. Extremely supportive teams and always encourage to climb up position and take new challenges. 5. It will soon become your second family over years. 1. After lockdown it started hybrid working env but choice of location within same city is not given. 2. All of sudden after 13 years of working in one location, you are forced to deserted location (Fursungi Pune) which is at low cost for company but it lacks lot of facility (basic food cafetria also has limited option) to employee and is very far from city its on highway road which is very dangerous for driving , no good hotels nearby in case you don't like cafeteria food. 3. Till Time they always considered women flexibility but may be after CEO change lately these things are not getting their concerned even after raising these questions like no shuttle service , driving so long for an hour to reach to office, no good facilities to the location, deserted high way place far from city, no day care facility within premises or nearby so that working mothers can atleast work at peace and can pick child and return home as its too far. Those are the only Cons otherwise everything is good for men ,bachelors it should be still best company to work but for mothers please rethink and get confirmation if hybrid culture is forced where to come office 3 days a week and what location , they might change the location all of sudden and your routine and children routine will be disturbed drastically. It is still my second family as I spent 13 years giving my best to clients , company even left my 10 months old baby in India to take onshore knowledge only on condition that work from home for new moms are allowed but not after lockdown.", '31 Exposure to international clients and projects Service based company. Has issues similar to any service based company.', '32 hybrid option makes it much easier terrible politics & lots of use of marathi language', '33 Work life balance, management, culture Salary, hikes, leaves, job security', '34 Flexibility Career opportunity Articulated Training Work life balance I am happy with IBM and no issues', '35 work life balance good employee policy career growth salary hike other than that everything is great', '36 WLB Unlimited sick leaves Employee development resources Stagnation Career switch is not so easy Compensation is not competitive', '37 Excellent company, gain knowledge from company Shareholders, taxation rates can be more favorable', '38 Flexibility and good projects with supporting management Less pay as compared to other service based companies', '39 Work life balance is awesome . Hike is very less here', '40 Good client and good work culture Monotonous job same hob every day', "41 As per performance compensated, outperformers always rewarded, workload depends on client to client basis Anyhow you have to keep up with ever increasing expectations, for poor performers or those have some things with them which doesn't allow to concentrate it would be better keep distance with IBM", '42 work-lifer balance varied technological opportunity salary timing others are good', '43 Better than other service based No clock in clock out time tracking If you are a fresher then there is not much learning. Nobody cares about your existence. No proper guidance, unapproachable seniors Btw no bonus,gifts etc too for some people. Its just the salary you get thats it, nothing more', '44 Lot of exposure for the domain on which I was working No salary increments even after working for 1 year 6 months Ill experienced scrum master No proper guidance for employees who are new to the domain.', '45 Work life balance is good Management is not so caring', '46 1.gets good joining bonus and blue point rewards 1.one gets chance to work in good technologies based on project 2.should keep giving interview even after joining the organization since it is service oriented', '47 Flexible, Good opportunities, Cool work environment, leave policy, work from home Hike, onsite opportunities, management , work, technology', '48 Based on project you can grow well. Good benefits and learning platforms Nothing to comment about the cons', '49 Job Security Certification and Training Assistance Good Learning Various open technologies Many Projects to select No Buddy Travel to office No info on Hike', '50 Recommended to freshers for skill growth Compensation can be upto market standards', '51 IBM is the best company to work, as it encourages employees and for freshers it is a best platform to build their career Their is no downside for the company', '52 Lots of learning and team building activities. Management is unorganised. Work life balance', '53 this is good company. Work wise. I think, there are no cons in this company', '54 Goof company for career growth Work life balance, Poor Yearly Salary growth', '55 Has Good work life balance. Growth is not good here', '56 Good work facility in office premises Work life balance is not do good', '57 Good benefits and very good flexible policies. Work from home option . Less salary hike and delayed promotions for management people.', '58 All factors are good including projects and clients No promotion on said timeline and very less appraisal', '59 1. Great Learning opportunity 2. Immense internal opportunity and vast project span 3. Good Management 4. Hybrid model of work (WFH + WFO) 1. Salary hike is very low 2. Many times the great work is going unnoticed and no appreciation', '60 There is good development projects Manager driven company, even though you work with full dedications and there will be always demarkation with respect to the work. Work life balance is difficult as you need to work on weekend to meet the delivery and your project manager decide the delivery date which you have to meet otherwise there will be escalations. IBM is like a manager-driven company; if you have good terms with your people manager, then it will go smoothly; otherwise, you will be in trouble. Even without any reason, you will be put into the PIP. If you provide the justification for the PIP being raised against you, you will not receive any response from the people manager. Ideally, PIP would last for 60 days, but if your people manager wishes to extend it for the next 2 months, he can do it and no one can question him. If, mistakenly, you reached out to HR for the same, then you will see a lot of escalation emails.', '61 Great work life balance. Good environment Not good increament according to work', '62 Excellent growth for Diversity and fantastic support for upskilling Limited growth opportunities beyond Band 9', '63 WLB is mostly good. Yearly bonus based on GDP/PA apart from hike. Too much manager centric and some times it’s hard to connect with Manager', '64 Diversity, WFH, Campus, Car parking, Free charging Bad Management, Low Pay, 1 side cab, No Bonus, No Shift allowance', '65 Always supports to help with new outcomes. Takes some time to get the hikes.', '66 Work life balance is good Just like other it companies', '67 Good exposure to old and outdated technologies. Get to learn IBM developed or proprietary products( it may or may not benefit customers) Flexible working hours Unlimited sick leaves Good manager makes good company and rest are in IBM. No HR policies, oops there are no HR. Working hours are so flexible that you are expected to be available 24*7, like you don’t have life apart from office Of course you need those unlimited sick leaves now with such pathetic work culture.', '68 the best reason to work on IBM is they have good working culture and manangement.Their salary is really good. They will select the candidate who has Talents. Treating certain management is not good for employees in work.', '69 Work depends on how quickly you do. No timings to calculate. In AT&T some DPE are not worthable to post. With no knowledge they handling team.', '70 Work from home ; RTO has not been compulsory yet Work load is hectic , based on seniority', '71 Good work life balance. Nice team Not good projects. Office is not good less career growth'"
