"canyou process the customer reviews and provide an overall percentage for each sentiment : positive, neutral and negative from the following. (This query provides percentage for the respective sentiments : Example Sure, I can process the customer reviews and provide the overall percentage for each sentiment: positive, neutral, and negative. '37 Good position Lots to learn and explore Great Salary and Joining Bonus Extended work hrs Specially if you are working for ME project it is more on hectic side', '38 - Pay is well - Atmosphere is mostly comfortable (depends on account) - Always a struggle with client - Frequent roll offs from projects leading to instability - people with varying experience on same level', "39 Mine is a good project with a TL who is helpful, but I can't guarantee it for everyone. They will not give proper promotion or salary hikes. They will give the same salary for a new hire but not for a existing loyal employees", '40 - good learning curve -good hike -if you are placed in the wrong project, life will become a bit difficult. But that happens everywhere', '41 - Exposure to new clients and new projects - Strong learning program opportunities in data science are good, though not plenty - Good infrastructure and systems - Good for initial first few years of career to understand how businesses work, how resourcing works, what clients need etc - Less skilled employees resulting in a lot of load on skilled employees which are far low as compared to unskilled - No hybrid option - Managers are just paper pushers and glorified resource managers', '42 Accenture will give you a decent pay/hike compared to other service based. Some members from HR team/Recruitment Team/Project team does not respond so easily. Not all, but few are like this. It could be the case in any organisation.', '43 Pay is better than other service based companies You can get any project based on your luck with any role, even support role', '44 security, work environment is good hike is less even if employee is working hard', '45 1. You get good exposure 2. You are rewarded for your performance 3. There is a transparency between different career levels. What you do is reflected to the top management 4. Time to time sponsored gatherings making sure employees have some fun time 5. Not sure about others but my managers were pretty cool and understanding also technically sound 6. Pretty Good for those in initial stages of career 1. High Attrition Rate 2. Work load', '46 Pay is good & yearly hike is best comparatively other org like Genpact, Capegimini & TCS Work pressure is very high also u r not allowed to take leave at any cost in Month end.', '47 1. Best work culture. 2. Lots of monetary benefits for employees. 3. Team coordination. 4. Timely appreciation. 1. Poor Software working ability. 2. Extended working hours. 3. No gathering meets outside office premises.', "48 Accenture is best company to work with considering the kind of facilities they provide, Best learning experience using their internal tools, Many things to explore including career opportunities. You need to be sure which deal you're going and how will the manger be. Working hours is more in India. Usually it is 9:30 mints shift.. and sometimes 10 hours which is too much,", '49 Good work life balance, you can learn lot of new technologies None as of now, will update if any', "50 Good environment to work and always provide good benefits like free shuttles Good junior mid-senior level for learning So much political , you don't find growth after certain levels", '51 High growth opportunities. Vast learning process. Good hike and incentive policy. May impact your work life balance. HR and Payroll is usually unresponsive to queries.', '52 very peaceful working environment no peer pressure great place to improve and learn new skills I dont find any cons in Accenture', '53 good management, shift allowance, variable payout is done for getting promotion you need to wait till 3 years atleast', '54 Have better projects compared to other service based organisations. Less onsite opportunities. Might get longer bench duration.', '55 -> Good work life balance ->Perfect work environment and culture -> Tight deadlines can make long hours occasionally', '56 Good team and great support from the managers. salary is the concern. we need to stretch for more hours', '57 multiple streams to join in the company - Tough competition - The changed senior management are not great', '58 Providing best hike in industry. Work pressure is too high, quickly firing process & luck of freedom to speak.', '59 Great work life balance good work ethics Less Hikes compared to market, lesser emp benefit policies', '60 Get a lots of things to learn here. Less politics involved. Do not give full effort to retain their employees.', '61 Fast paced and ever looking for next level opportunities Frenzy pace with less visionary direction', '62 Great policy to work in a world class Organisation. Helpful and Nice teams to work with. Supportive Seniors who will always listen to you. Visibility for good employees Nothing as such which have come across so far after working with more than 5 employers in my career till now.', '63 Flexibility, Support, Learning and growth none I know of so far', '64 Provides a good insight about the corporate culture and provides opportunities to grow. You cannot escape the politics.', '65 Good Work Culture, Learned a lot Not a good work life balance', '66 1. Good Team 2. Environment Friendly 3. Based on work appraisals declare Learning for freshers is low as they initially get different projects.', "67 Excellent place to work with got all the support for the client, higher management, and colleagues to complete the task well within time, and everyone is open to getting new ideas and problem-solving skill Nothing major so far. It all depends on interaction within the team to get more comfortable with work and team mates. So basically communication skills should be good, especially after covid time when everyone is working from home some joined during covid period and didn't get to meet any of the team members.", '68 Good food Good for learning Politics High variable Low varoay payout', '69 Good Work Environment and will get more to learn through other learnings. Growth is very slow even-though you are talented.', '70 Its good . Technical evaluation very nice Give feedback aasp early to employee', '71 Its good . Technical evaluation very nice Give feedback aasp early to employee', '72 Good environment, additional benefits, career growth. Heavy work load, 24/7 shifts.', '73 work life balance is there upto some extent Not much of personal development and learning', "74 Warm office culture. Flexible working hours. Promote the team spirit. Personally, I didn't find many new learning opportunities which would help me grow effectively in my career.", '75 1. Good for women 2. Nice work ethics (based on projects) 3. good compensation Nothing as of now. (not been to office, so cannot give much of input)', '76 Team, is very supportive, helpful, understanding. No cons, everything is good', '77 Good work life balance pay Low hike , politics bad management', '78 Nice company to work for. Nothing I could thing of', '79 Good Work Life Balance and good international projects Hard application process and too many tests', '80 Learning Opportunity Friendly work Good management Good project Shifts Hikes Notice period 90 d', "81 Best learning for beginners . I don't know exactly .", '82 Good company to work for. No cons as such for now.', '83 Vast expertise on different projects Not found any till date', "84 1. The company has good policies regarding their employees looking after them in case of any emergency or work environment. 2. There are mix reviews of people working in different projects, for some it could be hectic but for some its pretty stable depending on your client, manager and team. 3. It matters that you finish your work for the day and not hours on the clock. 4. People are nice and respect everyone. If you are not happy regarding something that matter can be taken up with the concerned team and it will be heard. 1. Could be a possibility that you could be aligned in projects which is not your expertise or where you are not interested in. 2. Project release could be difficult unless there is an open demand and someone fights to have you in that project. 3. Working only on a project doesn't matter (if you wish to have a good appraisal), you need to make your name across the leadership, work on multiple projects and additional tasks. 4. You maybe promoted but the hike wont be good enough.", '85 1. Mentorship 2. Flexibility 3. Advance in your career Hard to find work which uses state of the art cutting edge technologies.', '86 Good Salary Good hike on promotion high volume of work. Late night shifts', '87 Culture and supporting people and management Accenture is great place to work and gives importance to client in every field of department flexible timings. Salary could be higher for fresher employees Rotational shifts', '88 Accenture provides lot of opportunities to grow your career Once you are assigned any project, it is difficult to switch to some another', '89 Lots of learning if you can get it into the right team. Pay can be as per the market standards.', '90 good company to work with Not much to tell on this', '91 Can try a bunch of industries and verticals out Hate having to source own projects', '92 Increment, cab service, fast Promation Long working hour in month-end', '93 Experiences a Good work life balance. Sometimes you have to give weekend support.', '94 1. Focus on the quality of the work while working with the client 2. Good learning on the project 3. Good salaries 1. No good perks for employees 2. Work pressure is high', '95 Good work culture and supports women in leadership Not much opportunity for growth depending on the project', '96 Work Life Balance Exposure to different areas Less Travel Opportunities At times management issues', '97 Good HR policy overall in accenture Too much politics and not employee friendly', '98 Good in terms of hikes No job Security and totally depends on project', '99 Very good environment to work Nothing to give anything it is good', '100 .Best work life balance to witness. no cons to be precise', '101 nice place to work also provides many facilities freshers have to wait for project', '102 Overall Good management and facilities Must hire lead and managers from same background who has knowledge to run the process and who understands the things. Attrition rate is worst in Compliance Transaction Monitoring process due to it. People needs to be valued. Managers like their shoes lickers and are too much bias.', '103 good. lucky if you get a good project cant choose your own project', "104 Good Reimbusement policy Good annual hike Good Spend of training, however no time for employees to learn and grow. Leadership is too pathetic in AIG process of Accenture. People who don't have any process knowledge have become the lead. They can't communicate on client call, project call , or even resolve process issues of his team. Team leads considers themselves as bosses where they dictate any terms they want No structure no management. Leads and managers can call and disturb their employes anytime . There is 0 calendar set for any meetings or calls. Some leads considers himself as stud and cracks lame jokes with employees especially female ones. There is no growth, no learning, no development. Employees are only expected to slog and deliver the regualr work. Management is so amateur that they panick for even the normal email from client. They do not have spine to take stand either infront of project teams or client for their employees. The project (RPA) team who is involved in AIG process automation just build any pathetic BOT and forces employee first to contribute in building the BOT and forces them to use the Faulty BOT. This increases the backlog which employees have to slog and finish. Leads and managers keepts threatening its employees about coming to office or face consequences.", '105 Accenture is service based company so it depends on projects you are working on. I have good experience working with Accenture. But if you want to grow you have to be proactive and tell manager in advance about your aspirations and ask feedback from time to time. Processes are not good, some time work lige balance goes on toss.', '106 Experience on the latest and trending technologies. Good learning Great work culture Work life balance i did not have a bad experience as such, it totally depends on which project you land on and what is the approach of your manager.', '107 Good Environment. Always work to be done. Company policies are very fair. A little too much work pressure, but nothing you cannot balance.', '108 Good good good good good Hikes will be depends on your lead', '109 Flexible timings and good working environment No much appraisal in salary', "110 Focusses more on learning new skills and encourages employees to learn and enhance new skills. Service based company so you never know what's in store after one project completion", "111 Overall it's a good company compared to TCS, Infosys etc as it gives better package, security, better option for Women. They provide cab and shuttle facility. Also have good work environment and can find friendly colleagues. Can get shift allowance and other good benefits like benefits you and reward points in which we can convert that points into credit points in other apps like mayntra, book my show, lifestyle and many more apps in which accenture is collaborated. Have good hikes compared to other MNC's. And promotions depends on the performance of an individual. Accenture is not only into work, it also encourages employee's into other fun activities Aswell. Nothing as of now .", '112 good working environment. employee ethics at highest level Renumeration to the long associated employees is not upto the standard market pay.', '113 Good Learning , Good growth opportunities Difficult to cross learn , Teams work in Siloes', '114 Fast Interview and On Boarding Process. Very supportive colleagues and helps new comers to easily get through the system. from my point of view no cons', "115 There are a lot of reasons why someone might want to become a front end developer: Money: The job pays well and has strong career prospects. Challenge: You get to work on a variety of interesting things. Impact: Front end development work is seen by everyone who interacts with a brand. Understand whom you're building for, Employ the right frameworks, and Organize your codebase.",  '116 Variety of projects across domains Hierarchical issues sometimes in some functions', '117 Low workload and location flexibility Low yearly appraisal and Low HR response', '118 Good ethics Female lead company Inclusive Work life balance good at 50% projects but you cannot be sure if you get that one project. So in case not happy with project, no HR replies', '120 Work culture is very good Project location is not fixed', '121 Nice environment to work with. Lengthy process to solve System non-compliance. Took lot of time.', '122 Excellent work environment. Encouragement to grow your knowledge and skillset Difficult process to switch domains', '123 Accenture is best place to work and earn handsome salary Nic no cons and everything is fine and good', '124 Lots of opportunities for Certifications Avg work life balance here', '125 One of the great work environment as I was working on client place Team collaboration Adaptability to work and adjust in the new environment', '126 Exposure to projects related to latest technology and diverse clientele Very vast organization; Growth slow', '127 Great Work Culture and employee friendly On boarding process is not good'"
