"can you process the customer reviews and provide overall consolidated ratings, in the scale of 1-5, for each : work culture, job satisfaction, salary and benefits and job security from the following and i need the output in the form of {workCulture:"", jobSatisfaction:"", salaryAndBenefits:"", jobSecurity:""} . 1 Friendly environment, best team to work with. Stagnant work in the support role and promotions are not based on your skills, it's based in your experience.", '2 I joined Cognizant in August, 2015 as a fresher and fortunately, I am going to leave it in few days. There are not much pros. After thinking hard, I was able to come across with few of them._x000d_\n1. If you do not want to work much or stretch yourself, this is a place for you. It is a relaxed kind of job for freshers like any government job_x000d_\n2. Basic amenities and infrastructure of any location are very good. 1. It is often tough for a fresher to get his/her first project after the completion of training. 50% of them remain in bench for a lond period of time which does not count to their professional experience much._x000d_\n2. Even if some freshers get deployed into project immediately after the training (the lucky ones), they may get maintenance work, ticketing etc. which is a sheer waste of their talent. Only around 20% of the people ( who are deployed into the project) get some good work like that of a developer. Hence, we see that around 10% of the freshers manage to get some good stuff._x000d_\n3. Salary is very bad for the freshers. Hike is also extremely poor._x000d_\n4. Unlike other IT companies like Infosys, low level management is extremely bad. There will be absolutely no one to guide you if you want some kind of help. They do not care about freshers. Many a times, it is like you are on your own. _x000d_\n5. Bad training. Seriously, their only aim is to anyhow complete the training._x000d_\n6. Deployment of freshers into the project is  completey random. A guy who is not much technically sound can get a very good project while the deserving guys may get the bench._x000d_\n7. In terms of transparency is absolutely 0.', '3 Good environment. Good people. learned a lot from them. Got friends, have been taken care of. I am from Odisha and I moved to Blr for this job. I was happy with the company, the work and everything. It was WFO which I was enjoying. But suddenly, after 6 months of working there I got sick with jaundice. At that point of time they said "WFO" is mandatory whereas I have seen for same process few people were working from home. So with a hope I requested them to give me "WFH" For few days as I need to be taken care of and I came back my hometown for the same. I provided all the required prescriptions and everything too. Still they didn\'t listen to any of my request and gave a week off and asked me to join from office ASAP. It looked like they wanted me to join or leave. So I tried little more and then quit. Now after 2 months when I\'m talking to few friends from my team, I\'m getting to know they\'re working from home few times as well. So this biased scenario kind of hurt me in a bad way. (P.S-I was a good employee. I\'ve got awarded in 3rd month of my joining)', "4 Cognizant is like my home for me both pros and cons are there but we will have to come through all those. Currently at top level there are some changes about to happen it cannot be favor for everyone especially above M level. So for all developers they will continue as is only their reporting might get change. Every year department name changes and every time leadership keep changing, especially after Frank (CEO) there were several changes at top level. The changes which I'm talking about is for IDE Web Department, this is the current name which is about to be dissolved.", "5 Tremendous work pressure so you are forced to learn many things. No personal life. Most team members are not friendly or helpful You have to search on your own for the project if the current one ends they might send you some other location from the base location. Being on bench is considered as surrogate and your fault . Pay revision /promotion isn't consistent and it takes a long while even for deserving candidates. Too much internal politics and nepotism. HR only talks while joining or leaving the org rather than being available to listen to concern of the employees", "6 1. You will get the best training here. 2. According to your performance in training, you'll get many opportunities to work on projects. 3. People are very friendly in cognizant. 4. OneC app is the best for all employee information and updates. 1. You'll receive a lot of on-paper performance growth but it won't reflect in your salary if you have joined as a fresher. Basically, financial growth is very slow as a fresher and on the other hand, if you joined Cognizant as an experienced professional, your payment will be very satisfactory. Cognizant should really work on restructuring the pay scales for freshers as they invest a lot in training them and then due to poor increments and promotion policies they will leave the company.", '7 I feel my skills are particularly well-suited to this position because I believe I have the type of knowledge to succeed in this role and at the company because From the sometimes overwhelming feeling of being overworked to the hidden stressors such as having to be “on” all day, it’s not always easy for employees.', '8 Great employee centric culture Flexible timings Hybrid model of working Respect for employees Salary could be better On boarding Team / HR needs to be much more agile Processes needs to be cut down to remove overheads for delivery team', "9 1) Udemy Access. 2) Cognizant Learn 3) 6 month internship 1) Difficult to get into new project 2) Manager doesn't give rating according to your work it is all depend on manager.", "10 Cognizant is very good company but not the people out there. I find them really unprofessional. However I wish the work culture could have been better. I was in Google Ads process and the training was not properly provided which is very poor. They only give pressure of work in driving CSATs in NA market none of the SMEs is justifying the salary and they think themselves as superior. They don't have enough product knowledge. If they could give the proper training then I would have never leave the job.", "11 I worked in multiple accounts. Work hours flexibility and learning curve is purely client and project based not whole Cognizant. Leave benefits are very good for women like maternity and I got additional months of loss of pay when I couldn't join back. Managers were supportive and understanding during the time. But overall takes lot of years to get promoted to next level and you need to do lot of things additional which manager assigns without saying No other than regular client work.", '12 Most of the compensation will be fixed and Limited Variable Pay Variable pay get paid around 80% + BU bonus for default rating Difficult to switch project. Management will come to you as per their needs', '13 Great company to keep learning and growing. They provide great work life balance and freedom to convey your ideas. A great place where you learn leadership skills. Not one to say but should avoid getting bad media report expecially in India', '14 Health Insurance. Life Insurance. Dental Insurance. Vision Insurance. Temporary Disability Insurance. Prepaid Legal. Long-term Disability Insurance. Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance. TERRIBLE work-life balance (depending on seniority, department, and position) - PTO and Sick days are classified as the same kind of leave. Continue reading.', '15 I was put in a good position and learnt a lot I was not given the choice of choosing what i wanted to do. It was random pick basis.', '16 Cognizant have good work culture Long term resources have struggle to find new opportunities', '17 Flexible timings, Work life balance Salaries are not upto standards and lack of onsite opportunities.', '18 Good company to work with, being in top 200 list in the world As per me no Cons', '19 Processes are digitised. Less human interaction for internal services. This organisation has a large division of ServiceNow domain, hence ample of projects are available. No specific rewards or bonus.', '20 The company took a good care of employees. senior management was good. The work force management needs more strength to place the employees in the current project.', "21 they were very good many years back * No focus on freshers real project learning. * It can fire you only on 3 days notice * Pay good for new joinee but then forget about promotion until you resign and negotiate. * HR or any management department in this company is really worst. * They select any garbage and assign to any project randomly. * They have so many policies like mentorship, training for freshers etc. But they're like govt policies. People who create these policies are the non-technical people. * more than 50% employee must have resigned in last 3 years.", '22 Overall ok but all depends on the manager and the project. Hike is an issue. HR people not good. Learning curve not good. Most of the projects end up using old technology.', '23 Good place to start work as a fresher. Work timings is high than other company.', "24 -I mostly work on backend development and i learnt new things every day in the first 6 months of my first project. -great team synergy - no work pressure from management I don't think there are any cons.", '25 Good company,good people Transport facility Good campus Very less onside opportunities like nothing', '26 If you perform well then CTS is like government job If you lucky then only you will get opportunity to work on trending technologies', '27 Good Growth, better work life balance, Good Culture Nothing specific same as other tech giants.', '28 Good work place and team Shift timings were different based on your project', '29 Campus is with environment and facilities No helpful in learning new things', '30 Good company to work best No cons found in cogizant', '31 Good Company Work Life Balance Additional Benefits Cab Facility Nothing to say everything good', '32 The atmosphere and the people over their in my team we as amazing. The rules were bit more.', "33 The people who are working there are very nice and understand your problems and issues. I honestly didn't find any cons there", '34 Management is good and transparent. Onsite oppertunity was less. I enjoyed my worked in CTS. So never seen any issue', '35 Good ambiance to work, flexible timings Your achievement will not be, established. You will work under different manager, but your appraisal reviewer will be different person where that you would have not even spoke to that person.', '36 . Work culture, appraisal, promotion, hybrid No job security. Less onsite', '37 - Good work life balance - Good compensation - Depends on project -', '38 Growth Skill enhancement Opportunity Flexible working hours in some team Favouritism Notice period Office politics', '39 For career development opportunities are more Less in pay holidays are less', '40 Learning Opportunities Work - Life Culture and Balance Salary Hike Additional work and deadlines', '41 Good learning in short time No work life balance depends on project', '42 Good opportunities available to grow Management could have done better', '43 1) Learning a technology 2) Get to work with people of different cultures Domain and project assigned randomly', '44 Opportunity to learn and grow. Intense ladder of growth and hike', '45 It is good for beginner. change early as possible that job or profile.', '46 Ability to travel abroad. Good range of projects to choose from In India, salaries are not competative', '47 Company is ok. Medical insurance is good Hoke is not good in the company', '48 Good opportunities Good work-life balance Nothing specific to be mentioned over here', '49 Work from home Good pay Same form of work with less learning', '50 Good culture & diversity in the workspace. Current management/leadership is Fluid. lot of wrong decision taken by erstwhile CEO. Due to which affected all the employees lost its most valuable resources to its rivals.', '51 Have not given chance work or develop in any technologies, all maintenance projects Nothing is good here, it became worst of all', '52 Good learning opportunities Two cycles per year of appraisal Upper management is extremely knowledgeable Skill development is low Not everyone willing to help Salary low', '53 Just a satisfaction that we work in such a big company. Cons are depends completely on the process you get to work on. If you get the worst banking support process then there will be no value to your health or mental peace. They ask you to work for every single minute. The calling process is worst, getting calls back to back without resting even for a second.', '54 Good Good Good Good Good NA NA NA NA NA', '55 Free food Travel allowance Medical allowance Pay is less Management not good', '56 Good work culture and medium growth No cons about the company', '57 They will pay you well when you enter as experienced professional. great insurance benefits Designation wont suit your experience, hikes are also less(much like any other service based) even though they claim to have great hike policy', "58 Good place to start if you don't have any experience Low growth Bad projects No learning support", '59 Better place to work here. internal politics will stop your promotions', '60 Helps in learning new things Work load will be high', "61 1. You might got a good package here (Not necsessary, depends on your Interview and previous package etc.). 1. Time Estimates provided to complete the project is too less. Because of the fix bid project CTS try to complete the project ASAP to minimize the project cost and maximize the profit. 2. Many of you might think that every company will try to think in the similar way but difference is that Cognizant makes the Timeline exclusively short. It makes lot of Pressure on employees. 3. Cognizant is trying to hire freshers and less experienced employees. And replacing Experienced guy with less experienced employees and freshers. Later put pressure on Freshers and less experienced employees for night stretches and Week End Works to fulfill their stories to complete their task within small time frame. No work Life Balance is here. 4. I really observed that most of the dedicated employees were loosing their health. 5. Higher Management doesn't care about offshore guys. Higher Management take care about only Onshore guys. 6. If Client will say anything than higher management will not rethink even in case of throwing his employees from building :) 7. No need to believe on my words Just think that why the attrition rate is highest in cognizant. Its attrition rate is 35%. Please reconfirm it on google. Once think that why it has the highest attrition rate and every year one third of employees are leaving it every year. Means among 300000 of people 100000 people are leaving it every year. Remember One Third is the number of people who succeeded in leaving it. There are many guys like me also who are are searching for job want to leave CTS and have not left CTS so not covered in attrition count."
