"can you process the customer reviews and provide overall consolidated ratings, in the scale of 1-5, for each : work culture, job satisfaction, salary and benefits and job security from the following and i need the output in the form of {workCulture:"", jobSatisfaction:"", salaryAndBenefits:"", jobSecurity:""}. '14 There will be good work life balance. You can parallelly prepare for other exams as well if you are interested. Senior Management Team is very good and friendly with junior employees The annual appraisal/hike is minimal and career progress is bit slow when compared to other companies. Employees are literally forced to visit office compulsorily. As far as it was work from home, junior employees were able to make good savings but due to visit to office they have to pay monthly rent of 6.5k to 8k', "15 It's a company where you have the privilege to pursue any technology and groom yourself better and also learn more about the ethics of company that will help in the future in terms of switching jobs and making n number of networks. In this company salary which freshers get is a very minimal amount on this has to be thought about this", "16 After graduation when I look for job to that time one of my friends brother told me about TCS has good company for fresher students to grow their career that's why I join the TCS. There is no downside at TCS only you can gain lots knowledge and experience. Senior mentors help you on every step.", '17 1) Work life balance 2) learning portal 3) best for you if you are experienced and looking for retirement afterward 1) no salary hike 2) no learning 3) no promotion', '18 You can learn anytime, work pressure is less. Multiple platforms are there to help your learning skills Growth is very slow and for freshers who has skills and who wants to master in one skill then it is not recommended because of TCS politics. They can change your technology once requirement over.', '19 Wlb is great and lots of opportunities if you join as a fresher. Especially Chennai has a lot to offer in terms of tech and growth. Everything is great here except the payscale. 90% of the people leave TCS because of this factor. Office politics prevails,mostly the HR team will only support the senior employees and the same goes for RMG', '20 Some not give motivation and prariser I think every company give to employees proper benifit as per performance', '21 Personal growth is great in TCS as so many trainings and courses are there to improve yourself. No hierarchy set and no transparancy in management. Management is not supportive.', '22 TCS - very good perks and learning opportunities. The account I worked for - few very helpful seniors and peers. TCS - no hike , no bonus The account I worked for - politics, zero motivation, no recognition, your interests are not valued', '23 Great work culture. Zero politics. Managers & Team Lead are understanding. Great work-life balance. You can learn lots of things as a fresher. No cons from my side.', '24 I really love to work here.. I have so much interested in this work. I do my best for this. To live a good life', "25 tcs is the well know brand every one now's about this company my dream is once's placed in tcs i can build my carrer with the help of the organzation tcs is my life time dream i want to do job this company", "26 You'll be building good communication, since mostly onsite based projects are been taken to provide the support and services. The only big advantage is that they don't fire you. You can work as long as you want. Mostly Support based projects are there and no development projects. There is no scope of learning new things or technologies, since the projects are old and use old technologies. (One might feel stuck!) People inside projects are very rude and understands you as there slaves. On the time of rating , some people take out there personal grudges and gives you less rating. Poor Work life balance, with high mental torture and pressure. The management is also not good. TCS usually hire the experience persons but only some have good knowledge based on there experience. (rest other mostly comes via reference) The salary hike provided is very low as compared to other companies. And the worst is 3 months notice period.", '27 well-established and financially stable, which can provide a sense of security and stability for employees. This can be especially important during economic downturns or other challenging times. Depending on your role and the size of the organization, your work in an TCS may be focused on a specific area or function. This can limit your exposure to other parts of the business and may not provide as much variety or opportunity for learning as a smaller company might.', '28 Good company with less burden for freshers and depending on the project you may get lots of things to learn Increment cycle is worst and project mapping of freshers is worst.', '29 No work pressure Timely salary Relaxed environment No Appreciation at TCS and No support from Management Hell lot of politics Please if you want mental peace choose other job if have an option', '30 1. Job Security 2. get chance to work on different Technology. 3. Onsite Opportunity 1. Less Salary compare to Market 2. Work Pressure based on Project to project', '31 TCS is a reliable employer in India you can find various projects to work as per your potential and aspirations. salary hikes are not so good', "32 Good opportunity to learn if you are lucky and get a nice project. 1. Bad management, your manager can be toxic. 2. Not dynamic, If you came to know your current technology is not your cup of tea, then also you can't change your project to explore new technologies. It's really hard to change projects in TCS. 3. Salary Hike is not good, Base salary is not sufficient with respect to the amount of work you'll do. But if you love technology it won't affect you much. You won't be able to take a bonus based on your performance, the only way to get a good hike in TCS is to crack wings 1, which is indeed a very bad initiative from my perspective. Not relevant much to your project.", '33 Many things to learn and improve communication skills This department hires employees on third party pay role and does not provide any kind of leaves, compensation, incentives as compared to on roll employees. No matter how much efficiency you show here you will be promoted after 4-5 years. This is the policy of this department.', "34 Job security Work load Work-life balance Leave Policy Incentive and salaries very less No Bonus Very less and poor hike Most portion of salary get drained as variable allowance which they didn't give 100% always", '35 Good HR policy , best medical insurance in the industry, various benefits of Tata products etc. Less annual hike even if you get a good performance band', "36 Amazing brand to start with. If you're lucky you'll get good projects and roles, if not you're screwed for life if you don't leave or change your technology. No growth. Too much favoritism within internal teams.", "37 Job Security. Then rest Depends on project and team mates. Salary hike can't beat inflation.Does not care about Employees problems but still depends on your team and project", "38 Very helpful in event of any calamity or so. socially good company but definitely does not pay as per market rate. Underpay employees. growth rates are also very very low, even if you perform to the highest level. it cant go beyond 10-12% (that's max 'S' Grade)", "39 One of the best company to work , you will have enough time to work on your self and the best part is you'll get paid for that to learn new things. no cons from my side as i have enjoyed each and every moment of my 1.5 years of timespan.", "40 There are many reasons to work there as working environment is so good. I haven't found any con's as company follow it's rules and regulations properly.", "41 Nothing as such i could suggest about it. I would like to add many things for the client i am currently working for. 1.If you get the client bank of america please don't even think of joining the private bank team. They do worst harassment to the vendors.and raising complaint for the release is not going to work. 2.Micromanagement happens a lot from the client boa teams. Bad atitude, bad treatment and no self respect. 3. Heavy workload, less to no leaves I dnt know about other client but boa is the worst client to work for.", '42 wide opportunity and visibility across various domains Bad pay for employees who started their early career with TCS and grew here', '43 Good to join in our 40’s or 60’s Not suitable for freshers but suitable for experienced employees', '44 well suited to Indian ground conditions. Robust processes. Wide range of exposure available to employees. It offers opportunities for the slowest slow and fastest fast of employees. Both coexist in TCS whereas in other IT companies they just keep looking for excuses to fire people. Not very dynamic in every aspect but I would say so are Indians', '45 you will get project of any technology to do hands-on Access to lots of learning resources. Health insurance International deputation Salary is a big con. They treat you like labour Bureacracy to the core. Lack of skilled employees within organisation. Acute shortage of skills. Most projects are mundane and requires only high school students to do the job. Grey hair syndrome. Most top layer is just managers/bosses not leaders. Idiots lead Experts when you consider the current managers skillset. They do not have any skill on technology nor process.', '46 I have worked 1 year in this company, it is very good environment to work here. Thank you. Please give good package to the employees.', '47 Very good company to work life balance Salary Increment is low compared to other companies still give good work life balance', "48 Good work culture and it's depending project 3 months notice period is very bad", '49 It felt like home, very nice work culture. Everyone cares about everyone. Flexible hours, you have to work at any given time.', '50 No fire policy like other tech companies No career growth . There are few good projects and it is not possible for everyone to get those projects', '51 Good learning as angular developing is one of a booming technology. no appreciations and no proper work life balance, irritating seniors .', '52 Only it is Tata and reliable. Good Infrastructure Good Learning Portal Bad salary hikes, No promotions No appreciations Too much office politics Bad Management', '53 TCS offers up to 14lakhs coverage of health benefits for a family size of spouse + 3 children. Coverage is subject to individual T&M applies. You cannot choose your own hospital, if the hospital is out of network hospital you cannot avail cashless facility option', '54 Vast number of projects, good to start. You will learn basics. Nothing as such, you just need to keep learning there.', '55 Good to learn about big projects Well Organised on management Job guarantee Less hike Performance based hike and not much expected', '56 Lots of learning platforms to upskill and learn more. Good Work-Life balance for me so far. Management needs a lot of improvement.', '57 Allowed to make infinite mistakes work life balance is out!too much pressure on teams...No respect given to Senior associates who work dedicately.', '58 you will get very good environment, you can learn as much as you want based on team management will be decided, dont go for banking services, micro management wil be there', "59 Job safety will be there If you are non IT student don't accept the offer to work in IT in BPS Payroll. Your carrier will be closed", '60 Job security Work life balance Lakhs of project in tcs so once v go to RMG within a day v can select in any projects. Very worst salary hike. Very worst promotions. No bonus even single peace sweet also i never received frm tcs in my 11yrs of experience. Even covid time also tcs stopped our salary hike. Whoever can predict tcs life journey. Bec standard 20k will add in ctc every year other than nothing u ll expected frm company.', "61 1)JOB security 2)Long Term Health insurance and benefits 3) Good Colleagues and team members 1) work management 2)No IJP's 3) Minimal Increments 4) no Bonuses", '62 Job security, Insurance, people management. Not good for people who is having experience', '63 job security , good exosure , trainings , seminar and peer connection. projects, development , tests , exams , couses', '64 Low salary More than 2 hours journey to office & return to home 2 hrs by non ac office bus. Pay out Proper bus services', "65 Job security: TCS fire employees if they are involved in Security breach, Abusing/Fighting, Sexual harassment. Brand value (TATA). Less work pressure. Salary on-time: No delay, receive a salary on the last working day each month. On-site opportunity: Those who are working on Development projects are having a better edge here. Leaves policies: LWP (if you want to pursue Master), EL + SL + CL + FL = 30+. Growth: You can increase your skill set by self-study. TCS has an internal learning platform and you will get LinkedIn premium courses also. Good health insurance. Less salary (Ninja hiring): Digital / Innovation hiring salaries are good. Less increment (Annual Appraisal): First Anniversary & Promotion Appraisal are “Average”. Notice period: 90 days. No rehiring: once left TCS can't join again (99.9%). Long process for Approval: like reimbursement of certificates, replacement of TCS work station, etc.", '66 Cool work culture and can be able to switch among projects No concerns if you are satisfied with the money you get.', '67 Good work life balance. All the pressure in the handle by 2 3 people only. Politics in terms of appreciation', "68 1. No work pressure (only in few projects) 2. Can work on your ideas (again based on projects and your leads, otherwise it will be very hard) 3. Salary and other benefits. 4. You will be having learning opportunities, but it will be another technology, which you won't like. But most of the time, you will be working in different technology, so that you will also learn something new 1. Whatever you are working you need to document, here documentation is the most important primary skill apart from your technical skill. 2. All the day you will be having meetings, in between you have to complete your work on time. 3. Team leads - in few projects the leads might not have the idea about the technology, but they want their team to work based on their knowledge in another technology..", '69 Policy, leaves and benifit are good Manager politics, lots bad manager, cannot believe them', "70 TCS provides job security and generally never fires anyone which was very helpful for employees specially during the pandemic as well as during recession. Even if you don't work TCS is not going to fir you and going to keep you in the company which I feel is unfair to the hardworking employees as they have to work extra hard to finish tasks of those who don't work. And also appraisals are quite unfair it doesn't really matter how hard you work.""
