"'can you filter the keyword from the following reviews that tells the organization qualities. '37 Good position Lots to learn and explore Great Salary and Joining Bonus Extended work hrs Specially if you are working for ME project it is more on hectic side', '38 - Pay is well - Atmosphere is mostly comfortable (depends on account) - Always a struggle with client - Frequent roll offs from projects leading to instability - people with varying experience on same level', "39 Mine is a good project with a TL who is helpful, but I can't guarantee it for everyone. They will not give proper promotion or salary hikes. They will give the same salary for a new hire but not for a existing loyal employees", '40 - good learning curve -good hike -if you are placed in the wrong project, life will become a bit difficult. But that happens everywhere', '41 - Exposure to new clients and new projects - Strong learning program opportunities in data science are good, though not plenty - Good infrastructure and systems - Good for initial first few years of career to understand how businesses work, how resourcing works, what clients need etc - Less skilled employees resulting in a lot of load on skilled employees which are far low as compared to unskilled - No hybrid option - Managers are just paper pushers and glorified resource managers', '42 Accenture will give you a decent pay/hike compared to other service based. Some members from HR team/Recruitment Team/Project team does not respond so easily. Not all, but few are like this. It could be the case in any organisation.', '43 Pay is better than other service based companies You can get any project based on your luck with any role, even support role', '44 security, work environment is good hike is less even if employee is working hard', '45 1. You get good exposure 2. You are rewarded for your performance 3. There is a transparency between different career levels. What you do is reflected to the top management 4. Time to time sponsored gatherings making sure employees have some fun time 5. Not sure about others but my managers were pretty cool and understanding also technically sound 6. Pretty Good for those in initial stages of career 1. High Attrition Rate 2. Work load', '46 Pay is good & yearly hike is best comparatively other org like Genpact, Capegimini & TCS Work pressure is very high also u r not allowed to take leave at any cost in Month end.' "
