"can you process the customer reviews and provide the pros and cons of the company in {props: "", cons:""} this format. '18 Good space to work in Very bad environment present inside bathroom', '19 Just the coffee, chair and a Table desk with monitor, sometimes water dispenser nearby at your workplace where you will be pushing yourself taking back to back calls, pushing to convince the frustrated customer, After you go offline you will be again in the real world. Funnel to grow form L2 CSA in amazon will be really the toughest thing. Things will be guided to you by managers very simple and easy but actually when you will be at work, doing lot of work taking Back to Back calls and no gap of even 60 secs will be really the toughest thing in the world and moreover the amazon customer are really frustrating i would say most of the time. You will get mentally torched by extreme work pressure. And in this environment maintaining the performance in top 10% of the high level competition with extreme large crowd will be really blood taking. This is the actual thing you will feel when you will be at work. I would suggest not to go for amazon customer service role for career / unless or untill u have no options left.', '20 1. Flexible workspace 2. great learning exponential curve 3. Growth is eventual 4. Base pay is good 1. Hectic work schedule 2. Culture & values is are bit less', '21 Very Friendly environment wonderful work ethics encourages personal time and work life and personal life balance very important to be in the right process and right manager', '22 Good work ambience and culture Travelling to office site from home.', '23 Good pay and good work life balance. Growth and internal movement is tough if you are in a lower level in the organisation.', '24 - Worked with a great team and an incredible manager - Work-Life Balance - SDE-1 is expected to gather requirements, design HLD and LLD, Implementation, test, and deploy. You will spend only 30% of your time coding. - No one will tell you anything, everything you need to learn. That is what they call ownership. - You will end up spending time on projects which later come of no value to the team or are deprioritized.', '25 It’s a good company to boost your carrier. Benefits and pay are excellent. Love this company for the work culture Work pressure sometimes makes it difficult to maintain work life balance', "26 . I appreciate the fact that you have been covering Tim's work since he went on vacation. What distinguishes you is that you don't just do the work for the sake of doing it; instead, you strive to make it as perfect as possible. You make the team stronger than it was before. Keep up the good work. 2. When I say you are an excellent point of contact for the team, I know I speak for the entire team. Thank you for your efforts in keeping everyone on the same page, assisting other team members in prioritizing their tasks, explaining any complexities before moving forward with any project, and, most importantly, helping others whenever possible. This is what makes you a valuable asset not only to the team but also to our company. 3. I really appreciated your efforts to keep every team member up to date on your tasks. It also encourages your team to make more informed decisions and to be more accountable to the team. Thank you for promoting such strong collaborative values. It is an essential part of our company's culture. Respond in a timely manner (people leave a review to be heard, so respond sooner rather than later to show that you care) Respond in a professional manner that is also human Listen to your customer complaints and don't apply a cookie-cutter response - each response needs to be personalised Thank the customer for taking the time to leave a review (despite it being a negative review) Take the conversation offline if you can by requesting their direct details. This will resolve the issue head on in a more private manner At the end of the day, if someone has a bad experience with your business, your review response is an attempt to dilute the situation, remove the issue or at least give the reviewer an open ear to express their woes to. Let's look at some negative review response examples:", '27 You will learn a lot. Good for your development Work is more. Sometimes you need to spend extra time', '28 One of the best places to work. Work culture is excellent and you have lot of support from Amazon if you work from office or home. Few teams have improper management and heavy work on a daily basis which cannot be completed in 8 hours. So your work life balance is gone for a toss.', "29 1. Pears and managers who help you accelerate your career unlike most other organization's 2. Unlimited opportunities 3. Fast paced environment 4. Very competitive salaries 5. Flexibility to switch roles within organization Work life balance - however I would make a point here that most other companies also don't have it.", '30 Learning is never ending if you have the fire Job maybe at tusk because if global layoffs', '31 - The work environment is really good. - Very flexible with the work timings. - Work load is more.', '32 Flexible working environment and good teams to work with No cons as per my knowledge working in Amazon', '33 Work culture is good. Office is good. Nothing technical to learn. No skill development. Head phone based job you have to listen thousands of audios for 8 hours', '34 Fine compensation, Easy to move to other orgs Very difficult to cope up with the work, every small task here is told as a high-visibility goal. Not much interesting work, just the same old tasks every day Managers are not technically qualified or quipped to manage SDEs', '35 More benefits and amazing work culture No guarantee in promotion and less hike', '36 Nice place to work here. it can take time to adjust in amazon culture but once its a best place to work.', '37 Learing, explore ,experience ,growth. Futuristic progress factor. Pressure, lot of hardworking, performance , survival, actives', '38 Its a good organization that supports employees and there is no pressure on employees Nothing is there downside for amazon', '39 Good work environment and less stress Office politics is much more', '40 Good manager and mentors Helpful and smart teammates Great food Great gaming zone I had a great time in Amazon and have no cons in my mind', '41 Good leave policy Work life balance Some old policies related to pay', '42 Work life balance is good. You can pickup projects per your area of expertise/interest. Lots of exposure on AWS You can do wonders with Linked in Learning & Free cloud Certification Well, lets go - Office politics - Even if you follow the escalation matrix, nothing will happen as they are all friends. The HR, The Skip & The Manager. Favoritism- A hell lot - No matter how complex of a problem you solve, that will never be enough, someone else will be hailed. Promotion- Well, least to say its very pathetic - The tech they use is of 2022, but the logic they use is of 1857. No matter, how much growth you have showcased - they will hire a newbie as your superior but will never promote you. I have been here from 5 years now, never got promoted. Always got the highest rating in Yearly Review, yet never got promoted. If you want to live a chill life without working - This is the best place - if you want to learn, work hard & get noticed - Never join this Org.', '43 Opportunity for growth supportive teammates paid time off good work life balance screen timing sometime shift timing', '44 Awesome awesome awesome I love work in here I don’t have any cons Every company has cons', '45 Wifi reimbursement Ownership of tasks Heavy oncall Frequent and multiple meetings', '46 Better Challenges Scope for Automation Better growth there are no cons that I can think of.', '47 Worklife balance and Stress-free team No learning, Shift Job, Different week offs', '48 A decent company to work, has oppurtunities for career advancement but has its cons.Office Culture, Leaves, Pay, Recreation Room, Decent Cafeteria, Competetiveness. Work Pressure, Managers Thats it, rest everything is good and also Internal Oppurtunities.', '49 data entry office work job data entry typing professional working', '50 Nice workplace environment with growth opportunities Should be flexible in time and location', '51 Nothing such as of now timing has to be improved', '52 1. Good Growth Opportunity 2. Lot of use of Analytical Skills 3. Pay is as per market Sometimes the work become monotonous', '53 Team work Diversity and Inclusion Friendly senior managers No flexibility No shift changes take time for getting promoted', '54 Once you understand the process completely, its bed of roses to work in SPS Amazon. Other corporate policies are quite flexible as well. Due to dynamic nature of the department, you need to keep up with a lot of updates.', '55 excellent guidance by senior data scientists. the workload in summer and get fewer holidays.', '56 1. Good team with highly skill developers 2. Good place for beginners to learn many tech stacks 3. Salary is highest in the sector. 4. Seniors are very supportive. 1. Work pressure is high. 2. Corporate politics as your promote to higher levels. 3. No bonus or profit sharing', '57 Work life balance is awesome Possibility of risk because of the transactions', '58 Great space to learn and upskill though you might not have opportunity to exhibit the skill in the same team, it can be used in other platforms. Very little pay and growth compared to other corporates.', '59 Best thing is you can learn new things everyday There are no Cons everyday is Day 1 , so work hard have fun', '60 better work life balance nothing else growth is less , no matter how good you are performed , it totally relied on your manager', '61 Appreciation and support for every talent and efforts beings put No cons, Just give yiur 100%', "62 Good Perks and professional work etiquette Literally Zero growth. They don't even have a plan to address this issue", '63 Lot of things to learn specially about people management Work pressure is bit more but once you learn then you can manage it', '64 The work environment and culture is very good The salary package is very low.', '65 Leaves Goodies Engagement Activities Managers are good GCs IJP takes so much times', '66 Great pay and good company nothing cons great place to work', '67 Amazon is a great workplace Workload during busy seasons is hectic', '68 Added benefits Branding to your resume Beginner level learning Corporate culture Good overtime pay Feels stagnant after a point monotonous job', '69 High Ownership, independent thinking, rewards bias for action Tend to get fewer resources than reasonable', '70 Worsening culture, dropping bar, messed management, declining growth Read the pros mentioned above', '71 1. exponential learning curve 2. Talented people around you 1. No WFH anymore 2. Now decisions are often top down', '72 Great facilities Work from home option International transfer facility Good pay The cons depend on the team you gey into', '73 Learning curve is high in the beginning Learning curve gets stationary after few years', '74 Great working atmosphere Salary Training’s Facilities Senior management Wasn’t great in retail', '75 Good money they give us Work life balance is a dream', '76 good culture and good salary. not much room for improvement', '77 Best salary . After Andy became CEO there is lot of change in employee care. Amazon is thriving to be the earth best employer :) Happy to be here. No cons as such now', '78 Work from Home Facility Internet reimbursement Rotational Shift rotational week off worst HR Fraud customers are earning more then the employees Afternoon and night shift allowance are based on number of days working Irritating Customer Writes back', '79 good but the pay is less when it comes to promotion the pay is less when it comes to promotion', '80 working with aws ownership design opportunities away team contributions work life balance not great', '81 I love the campus I work in. Not many people coming to office.', "82 Good office infrastructure, few teams are good They don't recognise about the work , only burdening with extra works", '83 Work culture is great at Amazon Work volume is high due to large business', '84 Best work life balance and interesting work. Low hike and work from home option.', '85 Good working atmosphere and policies Have to keep an eye on policies always', '86 Great, very co-operative team leads Job gets boring after a time', '87 Fun to work, equality, recognition Nothing to add as cons', '88 - Great Work - Excellent colleagues - Toxic culture - Bad Management', '89 Amazing people and work culture none that I can think of', "90 Get to work with global tech and engineering teams. Cross border implementation with Amazon's scale delivering high impact focussed problem solving High performance culture and can get lost in the large organisation", '91 Less work pressure, easy to get trained no growth after certain amount of time', '92 Good salary against the market Bad work culture against the market', '93 one of the best companies to work with. no cons as the company is great', '94 1. Good management 2. Good salary 1. Very hectic schedule 2. Layoff scare', '95 Stress free , friendly environment , no dress code, growth in company No job security, Few managers not supportive', '96 MAANG Good Salary Good hardware provided to devs Bad WLB Bad perks No one stays for 4+ yrs', '97 Great workspace Great work culture Good Salary not many cons best in the market', '98 No pressure, easy job great work culture No growth, less increment and less visibility', '99 Great people and work atmosphere and benefits No career outside the company', '100 Culture, Stock options, leave policy Promotions are a little bit late,', '101 Great work culture helps employees. Low pay for employees at work.',, '102 nothing left. better quit the company before they lay off worst managers . everybody work only for promotions, no sense of purpose and achieving something. fake promises useless bell curves no valuable feedbacks . especially India Seller ORG never join this. except few everyone is dumb and clueless. Worst work life harmony. no innovation. just practising how to screw people life. lot of favouritism. lot of ass-kissing',, '103 Work culture Work-life balance Good people As of now i cant think of any', '104 Company Culture and career advancement opportunities Shift Timings and strict over completing targets', '105 Great work culture and strong management support Nothing to mention in cons', "106 Compensation is good as compared to companies in Delhi Hectic work culture and politics by seniors and sometimes even manager don't support you", '107 Good salary Good leave policy Pressure Not the best work life balance', '108 Good package and work load. Job instability, not much growth', '109 Lot lots of work Join, if only thing in your life is to work No wlb No benefits Costly food in canteen Wost manager in the world exist in amazon', '110 good benefits and nice support sometimes it gets hectic to balance the work life',"
