"can you process the customer reviews and provide the pros and cons of the company in {props: "", cons:""} this format. '1 Very good to start career Not found any cons till now', '2 Best place to start you career , very good training, Personal growth , lot of opportunities to learn new tools and technology ,Onsite opportunities. Hike is not so good ,Low pay there', '3 AMAZING abroad experience. Felt like going on an adult MBA summer camp to India. It was a dream internship. Plus, works great on paper. While part of the instep program in india they pulled a number of sketchy moves including surprising us with which department we worked for (turned out to be "marketing"). Though we had projects to work on as "interns, those projects never really amounted to anything, and as the program went on, it became clear us USA and European-based interns were really there for media purposes more than anything else. Little did we know we would be forced into numerous "volunteer" activities and had filmmakers follow our every move.... If this program took place in the States I would have considered suing under all the false pretenses but luckily for the company my contract was based in Bangalore. They also did try to take away our food plan, which was guaranteed to many of the interns (given our low pay) we would receive in bangalore. And it required long discussions to preserve that portion of our contract and proving extensive written records to win back that promise. That being said, I had an amazing time and if I could have done it all over again, I would probably have accepted the same internship. I just believe the program needs to step up when it comes to transparency and HR evaluation and rest restrictions based on what is expected from European and USA recruits.', "4 It has multitude of work opportunities. It instills the attitude of continuous learning in employees and rewards for it. It has provided courses from variety of platforms such as IIHT, Harvard, and LinkedIn Learning, and also a subscription of Financial Times. And for every new learning achieved, rewards are awarded. Moving from one project to another is also possible through learnings and certifications. Since it hires fresh hires, maximum, from Tier 2 and 3 colleges, the base pay is less when compared to competitors. And this small pay reflects on the employees even with experience. It doesn't respect employees for the number of years invested and increase the pay, the way it would when hiring from outside for the same job role. The retention attitude of talented employees is close to nil. The hiring quality has also decreased, and the new experienced hires add on jobs to existing employees. Talentless managers are retained, and pressure is on the next lower job level. Ill performing employees are not fired, and more than necessary chances are provided.", '5 1. Infosys provides the best training that you can ever undergo (My personal Experience). Infosys has made a large training campus at Mysore to train freshers. It provides training on various technologies with excellent study material, well-created PPTs, and online learning tools. 2. Less stressful work so you can learn other technologies side by side if you wish. 3. Infosys provides Good facilities and has a good infrastructure to maximize the use of all possible options. 4. The Work environment is good. 5. Good Onsite Opportunities (If you can survive in Infosys for more than 3-4 Years) 6. Infosys conducts training programs on various new technologies side by side. You can register yourself and learn the new technologies that you want. 7. If you have plans for higher studies then Infosys is good for you. Work pressure is less so you can study and prepare for MBA or MTech and give exams. 8. Finally, the major point is Infosys has a brand value and a good fame. It can help you to get a good package in small companies if you are good in your domain. Payscale is less for fresher as compared to other companies. (On higher Job level, it is still OK) Too much of Variable Pay component', "6 1. Job security 2. Company allowances reimbursements 3. As It Is one of India's IT giants, they have lots of scope for new projects. 4. off course one who is working with Infosys gets a brand value tag on their CV 5. It is an excellent company for people with experience working on a managerial level because As family persons it offers good healthcare facilities and other allowances, get job security. 1. While I am working here I got a good client to work with but I didn't get enough exposure to working on new tools and technologies. 2. Raise this concern with Infosys managers but they don't take that seriously because as long they are getting billing from clients they don't care whether u r having work learning new things or not 3. Hikes and salaries they offer are less as compared with market standards", "7 Work for Infosys? Trust me you probably aren't gonna work. Most of the time, you'll be hanging out with the boys in meetings everyday, playing video games because CCD department took 19 days to get an npm install working in your laptop because it's choked in restrictions, that is whenever it has enough RAM left to run anything except Microsoft Teams, you know, the boys. Then suddenly once in a while someone will realize they've messed up and you'll get a deadline and will be asked to work on weekends, but that's fine, you could just not show up, it's not like they can do anything about it. Eh you kind of become lazy and satisfied, plus they kick you out for smoking in an online meeting", "8 Good environment to work in campus. All facilities handled from phone app infy me. Job Security is good. Insurance for family with no cost 5L cover. Low compensations. Deductions are high compared to other companies. Employee variable pay in CTC paid as performance bonus after deducting some percent quarterly. It's not bonus. Based on accounts Employees will get hikes without any consideration of exp or profit from employee. There is no bonus kind of things. I only got 15k bonus when company got high profits one year.", '9 It was my dream company. Campus is beautiful. So is the culture in organization. People are professional. If you stay in organization, there is no growth. People switch and get better growth in their career. Sticking with Infosys is not worth it. Very low salary hikes. Even after slogging every day, being asked to work on weekends. At the end it all depends on project.', '10 Brand value and quality of work I have applied for Ux designer position but was hired as a graphic designer and though I was allocated to a project. I didn’t receive any work during my 3months in infosys.', "11 You will get allocated to best project of you are specialist programmer. You will get development project which will make you strong in technical aspects. STG is a reputed unit in Infosys where this unit specifically consists of strong technical background people You will receive best pay when compared to others as a fresher of you are SP in Infosys. You may don't get the same bonus every quarter. You should be active enough to get project and start preparation from the day one of the joining if you are fresher Need to prepare very well for client interviews.", '12 You will get to learn many processes as it is an established organisation Large campus and gym facilities Colleagues from varied background Lack of work like balance This totally depends on the team, especially the manager you get, there are equal number of approachable and unapproachable egoistic managers Very short deadlines to work on They always ask for something new but will discontinue the old initiative due to lack of bandwidth', "13 Brand value: Infosys is a well-known and respected brand in the IT industry, which can provide an opportunity to work with global clients and build a strong network. Learning opportunities: Infosys offers various learning programs and training sessions to help employees upgrade their skills and stay up-to-date with the latest technology trends. Work-life balance: The company offers flexible work arrangements and supports employees' personal and professional commitments. Work pressure: Infosys operates in a fast-paced work environment, which can lead to a high workload and tight deadlines. Limited career growth: The company has a hierarchical structure, which can limit opportunities for career advancement.", '14 Infrastructure is very good and overall campus is peaceful. The management is not upto the mark. Be it onsite, promotion, hikes , it all depends on the management. Leave policy is pathetic. Only earned leaves will be provided. Appraisal cycle is very bad. The new compensation will be added to the salary after 3 months of release of rating.', '15 - I have gotten opportunities that aligned with my aspirations - Got ESOPs for performing well - Leadership and mentorship programs are very well defined - Training material is superb - Big company so its regulated and you have to navigate to get things working for you. - Since i like WFH, 2 days WFO is personally a downside for me, but may not be for you.', '16 1. Excellent campus with many facilities. 2. For Digital projects, Permanent WFH( at the time of this review) 3. Great work culture and humanity in mangers. 1. Less compensation for more work', '17 Work culture is good at Infosys if you get to work on a good client project. In Client-service model Infosys managers does not have much say In front of Client which creates stressful work environment in the project.', "18 Job security, food court, WFO is good No growth, no transparency between management, hike and promotion based on management decision and it's very less, depends on process u work,", '19 Good Access to learning material on their Internal Learning platforms. They are are doing well on products like ACTIMIZE, AXIOM and you may get to learn them if you are lucky Domain Consultants are not marketed properly to the clients hence receive less of or equal billing to developers. Most of Mid Managers/ Leaders are from IT delivery background hence have more focus on number of resources under them rather than quality/type of work they get as BAs. Hence for junior resources its very difficult to find good mentors/project to grow and work as a proper BA. While they claim to be Domain Consulting group more than half the folks are not anything related to domain, as long as they can add to the number they will be pull into the DCG. The quality of resources be recruited from B-Schools has reduced drastically, with DCG going to lower run B-School and picking the last lot from them. Do not have enough industry experts from whom you can learn, only few good projects and you have to very lucky to get one to learn any domain', '20 Soon after finishing training , u ll be put to some unknown tech . If you feel like the tech stack is not matching intrest, u should leave as bphr force u to take any tech stack. So good if get good tech stack otherwise bad Micromanagement & forced to work on different tech stack', '21 Don’t need to be extra smart Room to learn Pay less than market standards', '22 Good environment, Helping colleague and teams, good training through Learning Platform Low Salary, no timely resource available in team you will have to handle alone', '23 It was my 1st company wherein I worked for 10 years, it gave me god learning and an opportunity to change my stream. Salary, growth is overall slow', '24 Good ppl and processes......... Good for freshers... Very slow growth, no money..more you serve lesser you are valued', '25 World class infrastructure that you may not have seen before. Mere size of the campuses Hikes shall be given on consecutive years.', '26 Job Security, Available in multiple major cities, Cool Campus Big Hierarchy to reach top, Slow Promotion Cycles,', '27 Project Managers are really good. Good work ethics & work life balance. Good projects. If you hire from other industries even SME then they need to train about your process. They know the technology but for the process & flow they need proper training.', '28 Too much work to do You have to even cover for your team mates even when they are available and management would take no action for this and finally when you put your resignation, they will blame you for it.', '29 The working as a team is great The work life balance is little bit difficult if u r working in rotational shift projects.', '30 Work culture is really good. All the upper level staff is very helpful. salary package is very low', '31 You get a good starting salary, starting your first job in a service based company. As a DSE you are only given development roles (no support work). Getting to work in good units. Delay in getting deployed to the project. DSE does not have a variable pay hence when you get mapped in a project your salary still remains the same.', '32 Campus facilities, good managers so far, option to WFH Salary is less compared to other service based companies', "33 Work environment is good and team leads are always ready to help if we got struck . We can work on cutting edge tools like Azure Infosys is a good company for a fresher to enrich his/her skills so I couldn't see any flaws", '34 When there were layoffs, Infosys stood tall and protected its employees. Market competitive salary Advance technology, New technologies will be available ASAP. Opportunity to learn Good team collaborations Responsibility driven Trustful Managers Explicit HR policies Great work environment Onsite Opportunities Sometimes it is very tough to get onsite opportunities. You need to fight for it. Work life balance.', '35 Work life balance and employee friendly No reason to share on this', '36 Good learning. More exposure and nice campus Calls till Late night . Expected to work more than 12 hours everyday', '37 Loyalty is considered here for promotions at higher levels Employees are treated well by Infosys. Client pressure sometime dilutes this image More hierarchy oriented than role oriented Salaries are corrected once in a while. Long terms employees will generally lag to good extent compared to Market salaries', '38 If you want work-life balance and nothing to work on most days then join Infosys Slow growth in terms of career and almost no growth in terms of compensation', '39 Mostly Chilled although depending on the project pressure varies. Opportunities to work on different projects and technologies. Work environment is actually good when compared to other MNCs. Salary is average and appraisals are low.', '40 Good Place to Work in if you are in a good project Very Less Pay. No proper hikes will be given until you put papers', '41 it is more Secured like a govt job. the year-end hikes will be less.', '42 professional behaviour, good learning exp Compensation not up to industry standards if you are long term loyal employee', '43 Good Management Good carrier start for a fresher Options to change to another unit Overwork Weekend supports at times', '44 Kind manager , teammates , learning platform, sessions No coms for freshers to start.', '45 Can stay for long work. Not much workload. Less salary compared to other firms at same experience.'"
