"can you process the customer reviews and provide the pros and cons of the company in {props: "", cons:""} this format . '1 Learning ,cutting edge technologies,In depth technical knowledge , supportive managers, Growth Long hours, little increment , Transfers ,', '2 Streamlined process flow Good colleagues and managers Employee friendly as compared to other Indian MNCs You will be interviewed and supposedly hired for one role, but you end up doing something different. The nature of work is never shared during the HR or technical interviews. My job title was senior software engineer. It was only after work started that I realised that it was actually senior "support" engineer. A lot of junior engineers expressed the same concern. They were recruited from campuses with the promise of a software engineering job and was eventually put in a support role, in technologies they never worked on, with little to no chance of learning or career growth. They will not tell you whether you will be working in shifts, and that the weekly off days will change.', "3 Gives chance to freshers (12 pass too). Have Work from home facility. Good to start career. Salary comes on time. Poor management and TLs HR team is not helpful at all Good for those who only wants to work n take money and don't ask any questions or help regarding any problem. If you have problem, solve it yourself or leave the company.", "4 They listen to their employees feedback and implement them. The work environment was great. They have their dedicated app that has everything from sharing feedback to booking your company cab. to completing your modules if you have forgotten your PC password you can reset it from your phone through the app. The systems are not regularly checked before the advisor gets on it. Sometimes you have to wait for an hour to get your PC issue fixed as there are limited PC's on the floor. The cabs are never on time, and even when an employee is allocated the person they would change the cab at the last moment. The cabs are not well maintained most of the time and they try to fit in 4 people in one cab even when it is not comfortable for the employee. The food counter guys are rude and do not look like they are happy with their job, some guy from the food counter if you were to ask them to prepare something they would say that they do not have the ingredients for it even if it was available, not everyone at the counter are like that, its just 1.", "5 You will meet few really supportive and cooperative people but can't say for how longer...... TechM has some spoiled senior's in higher management and lower level as well who can make you do dirty and unethical work in organisation in order to earn sales or for sales and different benefits, which anyway you are not gonna get, I mean incentives is trap to hold you in organization which you never get it's just people think there are earning but there are high deductions and exploitation of work life balance. They don't know that exists, I was very polite and just focused about what I was there for.. But they will force you to do unethical practices for sales and then threaten you with possible and worst or fake outcomes if you avoid , TechM has worst transportation facility where cab drivers are rude and disrespectful with employees specially with males.. There are many things which I cannot write it here, otherwise they will kill me..😅", '6 It is great company to work for. I had a good learning experience in the technology domain. Got to learn from my peers as well. Got to upskill myself in tech domain ans well as enhanced my knowledge While everything is great, but the higher authorities are not an easy to approach. Even if we approach them they are not friendly to talk and sometimes not even listen to our queries. There should be helpful nature to the coworkers', '7 All depends on the team you are working with and the client you are dealing with. I had an excellent client and team. Less opportunity, Low growth, Less hike', '8 Process was good. Learnt a lot in 1st 2 yrs with them. The 3rd year was bogus and torture with them. Unnecessarily team members trying to brainwash manager, gossiping about a colleague to their manager. People turned backstabbers.', '9 The option to work from home. Impressive compensation, benefits and overall earning potential. Honing transferrable skills Agent burnout Lack of industry or company knowledge. Language barriers . Falls Among workplace injuries, falls are both the most common and severe. ... Mental Health.', '10 Good support from team and managers Compensations bonuses etc depends purely on project u work - if u project is doing poor u r doomed. Not good for married women or mothers as employees as they promotions and growth is not provided as compared to men and single women', '11 Variable pay will be paid 100% if you are on billing No good hike every year', '12 Only motivation is to get monthly salary on time Management culture is not good here. If you want to go outside and you are from north Indian and your manager is from south then better to switch the company as they will not release you easily Hike is very less', '13 Decent incentives received during each month as per performance Salary hike is not at par with the industry standards', '14 Too many projects come and go. Management is not properly organized. Managers are lazy and lethargic.', '15 Work opportunity for new job role, additional education and training in different topics. work environment is not good.', '16 The management is very good, got the salary on time, support senior everything is fantastic. No cons for this company, everything is ok', '17 More take home salary Job security Zero career growth Office politics No ethics', '18 Flexible working hours. Reward and Recognition on showing performance Salary increment is not up to mark', '19 Supportive Management, Awesome after-work environment. A lot of young and vibrating crowds increase the vibes of the surrounding. The salary increment sucks. Too much politics, especially among people being there for more than 10 yrs.', '20 The management is very good and work culture is amazing Nothing. Everything is very good', '21 Flexible Working hours Good Leadership Team Work from Home Option Payscale can be revised Hikes to be ontime', '22 Well done on accommodation and had great experience. As per my experience with the company, the process which could be beneficial for the employees would be very slow.', '23 Advance salary Helth checkup | medical insurance | Projects are not consistent, less durations projects, once they deploy to client they will forget us', "24 I was at Standard chartered bank so didn't understand the tech m culture Good only ,there are no pride ,just work take money ,go home", "25 Salary on time till you don't resign. Management is poor, No action even if a female complaints.", '26 Good work culture Professional management Health insurance policy Sometimes long hours working due to work load', '27 Lot of learning great exposure to work with international clients onsite opportunities are limited and not delivered even if promised', '28 Nice place to learn new technologies Management is not good and no well defined process', '29 Good culture and values Good opportunities Salary may not be as per market standards', '30 A Good place to work Work life balance should be maintained', '31 Friendly environment to work with Everything is as per the requirement', '32 Good company good culture flexible time Support only not product base', '33 Good place to work and learning growth No proper increments and bonus', '34 They are providing good training after joining. At interview time they told me shift timings 6 pm to 3 pm. And they forced me to do shift timings as at night 12 am to 9 am. It is very difficult.', '35 Tech mahindra is a good company to work with. I worked there for almost 1 year and i enjoyed working at Tech M. Tech Mahinda all the benefits to its employee. Nothing to share as of now.', '36 Work culture is good and fine If you are someone with little to no expectations on hike and are ready to work beyond this is your choice', '37 It is a nice place to work. The work environment and the crowd is good. Management is not good. Training needs improvement. Cost cutting.', "38 good experience in the company Stagnant approach towards work from supervisors' end", '39 I got good team lead and all other team mates also... everyone is very helping and knowledgeable. Sometimes you need to suffer over exertions', '40 moderate amount of work nothing new to learn, depends on project to project. no rating or increment for atleast 2 year.', '41 Tech Mahindra talks about business in different fields like IT and Non IT sectors. Company should focus on hiring freshers more.', '42 world bank project - Good tech stack Miserable work culture. No proper planning . Employees are made to work all the time. No life.', '43 Flexible in work hours No one questions if u deliver your work Excellent leadership skill lot to lear how to manage client Na Slow in promotion n salary increase from HR', '44 Smooth work culture, Not much work pressure No hustle, slow growth, too easy after 1 year.', '45 Benefits Lunch Training Safe Chance to change field and role Not suitable for experienced Salary hike is not attractive', "46 The working environment was great. There's is no negative comment", "47 it's good if you are selected if you get selected or are under any project. Not good if you are on the bench. You don't find many opportunities also it's very hard to understand whom to contact for information. Luckily I found the project almost immediately but I still have no clue whom to connect with regarding the timesheet if you fill in the wrong data. Even after email communication, you can't get proper response.", '48 Good at work life balance No increment even though you get excellent rating', '49 Tech Mahindra is a Good Organisation Tech Mahindra has No Cons', '50 A good company to work with. Great environment and good management. Good for stability if you are a fresher Negotiate your salary before joining and clear the bonus which is included in your CTC', '51 You will get lot of opportunities to learn and work Nothing as such ,great place to work', '52 If got chance I would like to.join again Less increment but no work.pressure', '53 Everything is good in tech Mahindra No cons it depends on you only', '54 More scope for getting good knowledge over the Design issues and balanced work Financial growth is a bit delay', '55 Good company policies and activities Projects are not long term', '56 wide projects and variety domain experiences can be gained risk of being on bench if no project is allocated', '57 very good to work with techm no cons with the company', '58 the variable component in salary getting on a monthly basis. Depends on the project. Insurance policies are not beneficial to employees.', '59 Good work environment...overall good options to vlimb upwards Mostly surrounded with old and very experienced people...makes you feel inferior sometimes', '60 To interect with new people and it helped me to inhance my communication skills Little bit hectic because calling full day more than 100 people and talk to them is little bit hectic', '61 Salary on time. Good Culture. Regular Trainings. Incentive. Awards. After BBD they will find a reason to fire you.', '62 Good working environment for employees Bad team management for all junior', '63 Good compensation Health and insurance benefits To improve our skills they provide more trainings and more.. Need to be employee friendly', "64 Nothing to good about the company It's average company to work with", '65 Very good place to wotk Wont get paid leaves when required lots of questions are asked', '66 Salary on time, no work pressure, cab facility, overall good experience. Minimum salary, No Promotion, Annual appraisal', '67 it has good brand name, timely salary low salary, low benefits if you are a fresher, poor management as i worked for flipkart chat process', '68 Amazing company with good work culture Not giving any bonus and increment on time', '69 Good medical benefits and employee retention Work stress and I am currently living in a different city hence WFH has become a necessity for me which Techm cant provide right now.', '70 Nothing as such. Management is busy taking awards. Associates are not appreciated for the work. 1. Zero Learning. 2. Egoistic Senior Management. 3. Not willing to Listen problems. 4. Less opportunities. 5. No recognition. 6. No hike. 7. No promotion. 8. Fake Promises.', '71 Easy work and good shift timings. Absurd management No growth No incentives Bad cab facility', '72 Work life balance good salary Not supportive team.leader politcs https', "73 If you're from domestic company than you can join the company. 1. No employee centric. 2. Transport facility just like a hell. 3. Food facilities 0 4. Work life balance 0 5. Intensive pressure. 6. Hike 2-5% a year maximum.", '74 Good company to work at Good indoor and outdoor games Not much employ benefits given', '75 Nothing is good with the companyy Everything is bad with the company', '76 Good company to learn and grow No downside of work in tech machindra', '77 Very near to my house worst management and no work culture', '78 Good place to work .. good working environment Salary issues..not on time.. delays', '79 The Legal Team is very helpful. Some managers are very good. Working hours relaxation. Too much work. Stressful job, sometimes.', '80 Good MNC experience is provided Company does not have good projects to offer', '81 Lot of Opportunities and Learnings . Agile or Scrum based projects needs a lot of improvement with respect to Project Execution.', '82 Good at work life balance .great opportunity to learn new things . Not much satisfaction in annual apprisal', "83 Infrastructure is good that is all. 1. Salary package offer is a joke and it is variable pay 2. Cab transport is pathetic 3. Big cafeteria with no vendors. All you get is a big space to have your lunch you bring from home. 4. Australian client so all projects come under graveyard shift 5. Stressful environment. 6. Incentives will be provided from the salary package, not separately. What a joke 7. Management takes more than 6 months to process yearly appraisal. 8. Strict schedule breaks only. You cannot take breaks even in emergency. LOL 9. Wouldn't recommend anyone joining TechM", '84 There is nothing good to write. Very low Hike. You will not learn new technologies', '85 Good life and work balanced Nothing observed as of now', '86 Great Technologies to work with, Good learning curve, Work from home unable to handle pressure, Work-life imbalance, Sometimes work on weekends no increament', '87 Friendly environment Work Life balance Not have much opportunities in the organisation', '88 Good place to work. Not more work stress. Its service based organisation , In some of the project they are not using latest technology and frameworks.', '89 Learning curve, new technologies, office culture, immediate manager and supervisor Higher management is not able to handle pressure from client', '89 Employee friendly company Great Place to work Hikes are not so great when compared to other companies'"
