"can you provide a consolidated 10 concise feedback to the management for improvement based on the following reviews. '1 Fresher can build up their professional career Very good company to work with.', "2 Decent Indian MNC with below average benifits all things are there that should be in a big company like insurance timely pay. Lots of on-site opportunities if you stay long enough and are in right project. Higher management don't care much about employee or employee moral. Not much to learn there mostly you'll get support projects which has repetitive tasks. Join only if there is no other option. Not much of a salary hike and below average pay. They exploit some employees with their 5 years contract and minimal pay which equals to what a daily wage worker earns. Personally my manager was least interested in doing her own job it was worse than a government job. Manager would not respond to emails or teams messages. They would rather hire someone from outside than giving current employees a deserved good hike. No recognition for hardworking employee._x000d_\nOnce you are in a project and if you want to change the project, it's impossible to get released from a project.", '3 The only pros are : - you are free to join. - you will get reimbursement for Mobile/Internet of up to 350Rs per month. and 1500rs per quarter. - If you are desperate for a job and not very smart - It would be the best summer vacation trip for you. - You will be working for 12hrs if it is WFH. - You will be asked to work for a lesser salary and MSI/PIPs are as high as 10% - You do not have any benefits if your salary is above 3.5Lpa - You have to pay for your Medical insurance and Accidental insurance which will be deducted for 3 straight years as a default without any cancellation. - The variable pay and Night allowance are based on the Unit performance and not Team performance which is not in the flow of information and could not be disclosed. - Even a simple Reference for a Visa and MBA admission will be delayed up to 2 months because of the rigorous policy for Employee data disclosure. - They would try their best to keep you shut in the name of the smooth exit, FnF, and References.', '4 Wide range of different projects , you can choose which one suits your skill set and interest On -site options Learning options they have all sort of programs a fresher can take up to get certified in various courses Salary will be slightly low There is culture of tracking your time in office and on the floor which is bit different Sometimes managers won’t release you from project if you want to switch to another even after completing 18 months , for that you have to stay strong and speak up No Diwali bonus or share profit any thing Hike is almost negligible No work life balance Night shifts are common Saturday Sunday’s work also', "5 Give you MNC tag which will help you after seperation Internal Switch into technology of your choice after completion of required months in company Free top resources and training to upskill (only via self placed material) Nice place to celebrate all kinds of cultural fest Will tell you 6 months training, and onboard you just in 1 month into project. Survival at too low CTC will be difficult in such mega cities. Not good for professional growth. Too less hike and appraisal and even happens after a long wait. Lack of support and knowledge from leads, managers Doesn't matter how much you work-hard, workplace politics will always be around. Lack of transparency in policies and process, HR will barely respond you once in months. Most importanatly : No matter how low or high you get paid, you'll see a lot of salary deductions (excluding PF)", "6 - Will get lot to learn not from seniors or manager but from learning team - Wipro offers internal switch post 2 years however again it is depend on your manager - I enjoyed working with Wipro, I never wish to leave the company if my manger would release me for internal switch as per my skill set but they didn't. - Managers feels that they are the owners of company and you are slaves to them - if you are working on client location then you will be away from lot of policies which Wipro offers for employees - If your manager is good will get lot of opportunities - for sure will get at least 3% - 5% hike and if you are close to manager (kind of chatu) then there is a chance of getting 8-10% not more than that - I would suggest to take the compensation as much as you can", '7 Steady pace job Not much work load Mostly support work for freshers so if you planning to grasp some knowledge or certification Wipro is a good choice for that Communication problem between hierarchy Projects are genrally related to support Not a high paying job', "8 1. Provides freedom to choose your own projects. 2. Internal Yammer page helps to know about the various teams and connect easily. 1. Manager doesn't approve the claims. 2. Appraisals are a joke, useless submission of appraisal every quarters. 3. No Pay policy has been introduced - you won't be getting paid (100% Loss of pay) if you are in bench for more than 45 days. 4. Doesn't adhere to their own policy of notice period, will force you to get relieve after 1 month or so. 5. Well It's a general case for all service based organisations even though your employee has a good skill set still they won't retain or provide good hike rather hire a new employee with 100% hike.", "9 good headstart for freshers in terms of salary (Wipro Turbo Campus Recruits) learning and development, competency projects aren't that good and most of them are support projects very less or negligible hikes office politics hr and related processes are a big headache; problems cannot be expressed freely", "10 No pros here only if you are on billing you will get salary job cuts in May 2023 don't join here No projects for employees on bench still recruiting daily no salary(zero) after 45days of bench no automation projects interviewing on automation and giving manual work for selenium giving manual or API and unrelated work they don't care employees after joining your skills will gone into wain no extra pay for extra work", "11 If you are a fresher , this will be a good opportunity for you as at least for the first 2-3 months things will be smooth as you have nothing much to do which will become a con later. Pathetic upper management including HR and talent management. Once you are in bench, it will become really difficult for you to find a new project if you don't have a relevant experience and they expect you to find the opportunity yourself. By the time you learn a particular technology, there is no more requirement for that anymore. Wipro bench is a vicious trap.", '12 There doesn\'t seem to be any. The management is terrible. And by that, I mean a lot. They stuff people into projects randomly, disregarding their actual skills. They are "old fashioned". And by that I mean they don\'t know what they are doing. Corporate culture is terrible. Nonsensical decisions can be seen being made everywhere. It is very stressful. Not because of the work, which is also terrible, but mainly because of constant mismanagement.', '13 Salary more then market standards. Office Premises is fantastic. Favoritism Work from office. No Learning at all Lot of manual work here in all the processed and specially in Procure to pay. Managers hired are not competitive and does not have the ability to guide and lead by example.', '14 Their is work life balance and employees are able to manage their work. Too many and too frequent changes in terms of alignment which impacts productivity and no clear sense of direction also employee growth is something that is absent.', '15 Friendly atmosphere and lots of encouragement to learn Salary is not as per industrial standards', "16 Employee Friendly and grand in Employee Satisfaction. Employees are strictly good behaved and very much professional and the culture and management is strict towards stress free work place. Shifts are not flexible for me. It's my personal experience.", "17 i do not have good experience with Wipro so cannot share anything good too much politics people are given promotion without IJP, withou interview. No one is borthered here what's going on in process. are the associates facing any issues no one cares we are called to office on compulsory basis but we have not seen our TL in office since last 4-5 months. he is not reachable on call, teams, WhatsApp, even doesn't reply to any emails. whom should we contact. Thebperson to whom he has given promotion is not worthy, not approachable, doesn't respect anyone and very bad in terms of process knowledge. takes 3-4 breaks a day that too 1 hr each. Too much favourism Very negative working environment.", '18 Able to switch to multiple cities on multiple projects Year on Year hike could be better', '19 Good learning Client facing Nothing else Zero exposure Very less salary Heavy work load Team politics Favouritism', '20 Benefits They will make Associate into senior Associate for 1 year of experience Work Pressure (Common) CSR or Fun activities', '21 Lot of learning opportunities, rich culture and multiple areas of work scope to explore. Company must focus on work life balance and growth.', '22 All the learning exp for a fresher is available in WIPRO. Not good for experienced employee, bad management structure, no proper approvals in place.', "23 If you'll get into banking project then you will learn alot Without asking employee interest they put into any project", "24 ***AGAIN MY OBSERVATION, MAY or MAY NOT NOT APPLY TO OTHERS *** During my short stint with Wipro, i never found any positives other than Work from Home. There are several cons that i will list under that section. Again this is MY experience with the account that i was assigned. Others might have blissful experiences to narrate. Since it was during pandemic, that i joined Wipro, right from day 1, troubles were in heaps and bounds. 1. Laptop delivery was a complete mess with no one knowing whom to contact and no one was even aware that a laptop has to be provided. Finally after several calls and emails, managed to get a laptop assigned. 2. Meetings are a nightmare with your managers pulling you into different calls, even if you are on an other call. 3. Acceptance of meeting invites were rare with no idea who might join and the norm was to call each one who did not turn up for a scheduled meeting. 4. Severely SHORT STAFFED teams and hence double the work with minimum staff. This means, if you are sick, still YOU MUST attend meetings or find a suitable backup who can cover your absence. 5. My onsite Wipro counterpart and his Wipro managers were total jerks with no basic understanding of what's happening and would be rude and condescending on all calls. It was such a curse to be working with them", '25 Tech park is awesome, full of greenery, managements are good, work culture is balanced. Salary appraisals are below market levels.', '26 Not a competitive environment to work with Employee feedback is bad Less opportunities to grow vertically', "27 You can get good projects to work in. You would have more exposure in BFSI and they have mamy global banks as their clients. Good work life balance, and people are soft spoken and managers are considerate. Appraisal cycle is not good. Even though i would complete two yrs due to their appraisal eligibility cutoff date, i didn't recieve any appraisal in the last year.", '28 Prove you can work and management will support you Need to work Long hours at times and work is busy.', '29 I am working as a Senior Analyst in this organisation since 1.5 years. I found this organisation as employee friendly and supportive Team members. As per my experience I did not found any such cons as of now.', '30 Work life balance is good It might take more that 7-8 month to get Client', '31 Beautiful campus, Autonomy, Flexibility, flexible Shift ,good culture Salary increment not given equally, Depends on your team lead', '32 Getting new projects in kyc for wesbank Aprisel & increments as per yearly basis', '33 At one point had some projects to work upon. Long working hours and not much recognition to work', '34 Initiative for bringing up projects Carelessness in grabbing new projects. If project is not available, forced to reskill or move to other domain with 0 knowledge', '35 good work culture provide salary on time well management well structured company so nobody can find any difficulties', "36 Good Communication with the people's Some work hours to be spent", '37 Good culture and balnce work life Low salary as compared to market', "38 Good for medical benefits If you are on bench , you'll receive salary for 45 days. Thats good On bench you wont get into prjects easily..on crossing of 45 days...HR will call you and try for forced resignation. The WMG managers are a bunch of waste peoples. They dont have projects you want and just give you a big excel sheet where you to manually filter everything and then apply for projects.", '39 Wipro is only for the beginners and freshers. A very good platform to learn and upskills. Job security is also good here. Salary hike is very less in compare to other multi national company. Your career growth is totally depends on your assigned project and project manager. If you are very close to your manager only then you can get other benefits like promotion & good appraisal otherwise no matter how best you are in your work.', '40 All pay are employee friendly & varible is almost 100% Managment is too micro managed, like always doubts of monlight now a days ,lot of politics', '41 Work Life Balance and Benefits No cons on the company process', '42 Work Culture, People , Process Variable pay , Infrastructure, Allowance', '43 good if you get development project outdated support projects and plenty of manual testing jobs', '44 Nothing much to say as pros. >Being in bench for more than 6 months >You can learn anything new here', '45 Good ,atmosphere, work, culture,nature Excellent Mind-blowing Great opportunity Career options Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing', '46 itable candidates, every company conducts various rounds of interviews to measure the candidate’s technical and behavioral prowess. HR interviews are done to gauge the personality- strengths and weaknesses of a candidate to handle the role and then understand whether the candidate is suitable to do the job. Sometimes, the interviews are conducted to decide how well the candidate can fit into the company’s work culture. Generally, these rounds are done at the end of the recruitment process after the technical skills evaluation. Do not sound dull while answering. Be enthusiastic and interactive with the hiring managers. In case the interview is online, then remember to keep your video on. Lastly, have a smile o', '47 It is a great place to work. Requires a higher level of business understanding and responsibility.'"
